ISPRS awards Prof. Li Deren with the Brock Gold Medal in Recognition of Outstanding Contributions to Photogrammetry
The International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ISPRS) announced today that Prof. Li Deren, of Wuhan University, China, will be presented with the 2020 Brock Gold Medal for his outstanding scientific achievements in the photogrammetry, remote sensing and geospatial information sciences.
Prof. Li Deren is a professor at the Laboratory of Information Engineering in Surveying, Mapping and Remote Sensing (LIESMARS) and the Director of the Collaborative Innovation Center of Geospatial Technology, both at Wuhan University of China. He enjoys dual membership of both the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of Engineering. In 1985, he received his doctoral degree from the University of Stuttgart, Germany, and in 2008, an Honorary Doctorate from ETH Z¨¹rich, Switzerland. 
Highlights of his many achievements are the design of ZY-3, the first Chinese mapping satellite used to produce 1:50.000 orthophotos and digital surface models for large area (1000-2500km2) without ground control points. Collaborating with Prof. Jianya Gong, he further developed the three generations of GIS software GeoStar, GeoGlobe and GeoSmart, which have been widely used for the construction of digital cities and smart cities in China and beyond. He was also instrumental in introducing the integration of theories and algorithms of global navigation satellite systems, remote sensing and geographic information systems, which support such diverse applications as mobile mapping, UAV systems and many others.
The Brock Gold Medal, sponsored by the American Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ASPRS), is awarded to an individual in respect of an outstanding landmark in the evolution of the photogrammetry, remote sensing and spatial information sciences every four years.
Prof. Li will receive the award on 14 June 2020, during the opening session of the XXIV ISPRS Congress to be held in Nice, France. The quadrennial Congress brings together the global community of scientists and technologists in the photogrammetry, remote sensing and spatial information sciences and is expected to be visited by some 3000 to 4000 participants over its week long duration.
ISPRS is the foremost global non-governmental organization that promotes international cooperation between the worldwide organizations with interests in the photogrammetry, remote sensing and spatial information sciences. Established in 1910, ISPRS is the oldest international umbrella organization in its field, which may be summarized as addressing information from imagery.
January 23, 2020
ISPRS Headquarters, Hannover, Germany